Update contributing guidance (#1095)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/ALZ-Contribution-Guide.md

1. Ensure you fill out the template with as much information as possible, being sure to cover off what's needed for maintainers and the community to:
    1. Understand your feature and how it aligns to our [conceptual architecture](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/landing-zone/#azure-landing-zone-conceptual-architecture), [design principles](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/landing-zone/design-principles) and [design areas](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/landing-zone/design-areas) :memo:
    1. Optionally, let us know if you would like to contribute by adding your requested feature via a [**Pull Request**](https://github.com/Azure/Enterprise-Scale/pulls) :wrench:

> **IMPORTANT:** If you are proposing a change to any of the Azure landing zone guidance, please include a business case explaining why you feel this will benefit our community.

### Report a security vulnerability

Please see our [**security policy**](https://github.com/Azure/Enterprise-Scale/security/policy) for more information.

### Working with ALZ Custom policies

> Policies in the Azure Landing Zone reference implementations and repository are custom to Azure environments. They are definitions which are recommended when working with ALZ landing zones.

Author: Is it worth explicitly calling out that all reference implementations use the same set of policies, and these are all mastered in (and sourced from) the Azure/Enterprise-Scale repository?

Reviewer: Good call. Added a note

> To work with policies, they are location in `src/resources/Microsoft.Authorization/*`.

Author: Make this a link?

Reviewer: amended

![Example policy def in initiative](./media/example-def-in-init.png)

Also find it in the policyDefinitions and remove reference as well:

![Example policy def in initiative 2](./media/example-def-in-init-2.png)

When working within the policy files, to read parameters which are set at the top level of the policy definition a double escape is needed for ARM. So instead of using `[parameters('someParameter')]` within the policy, you should use `[[parameters('someParameter')]` instead.

> **Note:** When testing the policy manually in the portal or another deployment outside of the ALZ Accelerator (Portal), you will need to remove the double escaping, `[[`, and revert to normal ,`[`'

When working with policies that are assigned by default, these are located under the [eslzArm/managementGroupTemplates/policyAssignments](../../eslzArm/managementGroupTemplates/policyAssignments) folder. References to policy definitions are done through the assignments, so if any amendments are done to default assigned policies, they should be amended here too. A wiki to default assignments can be found [in the wiki](./ALZ-Policies.md).

> Policies in `eslzArm.json` file will also need updating if wanting to assign a new policy that is located. The file for this amendment [is located here](../../eslzArm/eslzArm.json).

Author: Instead of using `here` in the link, can we use the path `eslzArm/eslzArm.json` so someone reading can see where "here" actually is?

Reviewer: Amended

Details of 

> ### Contribution scope

Author: I'm not sure we need this old section? It doesn't make sense to me???

Reviewer: Removed Details of and the Contribution scope

The following is the scope of contributions to this repository:

As the Azure platform evolves and new services and features are validated in production with customers, the design guidelines will be updated in the overall architecture context.

With new Services, Resources, Resource properties and API versions, the implementation guide and reference implementation must be updated as appropriate.
Primarily, the code contribution would be centered on Azure Policy definitions and Azure Policy assignments for the reference implementation.

Submit a pull request for documentation updates using the following template 'placeholder'.

> ### How to submit Pull Request to upstream repo

Author: Is it worth renaming and expanding this section to cover "Developer workflow", starting with "Clone the repository" and working through to "Raising a PR"?

Reviewer 2: Or link to some good github guide that must exist for this?

Reviewer: @krowlandson @jtracey93 

I've added links to existing guidance and renamed the section. PR should now be amended to comments accordingly

1. Create a new branch based on upstream/main by executing following command

    ```shell
    git checkout -b feature upstream/main
    ```

2. Checkout the file(s) from your working branch that you may want to include in PR

    ```shell
    #substitute file name as appropriate. below example
    git checkout feature: .\.docs\Deploy\Deploy-lz.md
    ```

3. Push your Git branch to your origin

    ```shell
    git push origin -u
    ```

4. Create a pull request from upstream to your remote main

> ## Code of Conduct

Author: We should probably also update this to point to the standard [Microsoft code of conduct](https://github.com/Azure/Enterprise-Scale/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) page?

Reviewer: amended

For policy deprecation, the process is documented in the [Azure Landing Zones - Deprecating Policies](./ALZ-Deprecated-Services.md) page.

If a policy is part of an initiative, references to policies that are being deprecated should be removed. Policy initiatives are located in the [policySetDefinitions](../../src/resources/Microsoft.Authorization/policySetDefinitions/) folder. To find out if a policy is part of an initiative it is recommended to look up the policy definition in [AzAdvertiser](http://azadvertizer.com/) and check for association with initiatives. When identified, go into the necessary initiative and remove references to the definition. Locate the policy definition in the parameters of the initiative and remove reference:

![Example policy def in initiative](./media/example-def-in-init.png)

Also find it in the policyDefinitions and remove reference as well:

![Example policy def in initiative 2](./media/example-def-in-init-2.png)

> When working within the policy files, to read parameters which are set at the top level of the policy definition a double escape is needed. So instead of using `[parameters('someParameter')]` within the policy effect, it should read as `[[parameters('someParameter')]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working within the policy files, to read parameters which are set at the top level of the policy definition a double escape is needed for ARM. So instead of using `[parameters('someParameter')]` within the policy, you should use `[[parameters('someParameter')]` instead.

> **Note:** When testing the policy manually in the portal or another deployment outside of the ALZ Accelerator (Portal), you will need to remove the double escaping, `[[`, and revert to normal ,`[`'
```

> When working with policies that are assigned by default, these are located under the [eslzArm/managementGroupTemplates/policyAssignments](../../eslzArm/managementGroupTemplates/policyAssignments) folder. References to policy definitions are done through the assignments, so if any amendments are done to default assigned policies, they should be amended here too. A wiki to default assignments can be found [in the wiki](./ALZ-Policies.md).

Reviewer 2: Add into here on top of what you already have that the `eslzArm.json` file will need updating also if wanting to assign a new policy that is located here: https://github.com/Azure/Enterprise-Scale/blob/main/eslzArm/eslzArm.json

Reviewer: Added to the guide

Reviewer 2: I cant see this update for `eslzArm.json` around assignments?

Reviewer 2: ignore me i can now
